2024004106 2025 08 27 32f45f1a 66d2 4e87 82dc 67fa1196f3a5

U NITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK O FFICE
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
United States Patent and Trademark Office
Address: COMMISSIONER FOR PATENTS
P.O. Box 1450
Alexandria, Virginia 22313-1450
www.uspto.gov
APPLICATION NO. FILING DATE FIRST NAMED INVENTOR ATTORNEY DOCKET NO. CONFIRMATION NO.
16/743,462 01/15/2020 Masashi SAKAI 005700-ME0612 1074
78198 7590 08/28/2025
Studebaker Brackett PLLC
8255 Greensboro Drive
Suite 300
Tysons, VA 22102
EXAMINER
KIM, JAY C
ART UNIT PAPER NUMBER
2815
NOTIFICATION DATE DELIVERY MODE
08/28/2025 ELECTRONIC
Please find below and/or attached an Office communication concerning this application or proceeding.
The time period for reply, if any, is set in the attached communication.
Notice of the Office communication was sent electronically on above-indicated "Notification Date" to the
following e-mail address(es):
info@sbpatentlaw.com
PTOL-90A (Rev. 04/07)

UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE
——————
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD
——————
Ex parte MASASHI SAKAI, YOICHIRO MITANI, and
TAKUYO NAKAMURA
——————
Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
Technology Center 2800
——————

Before JENNIFER L. MCKEOWN, BETH Z. SHAW, and
AARON W. MOORE, Administrative Patent Judges.
MCKEOWN, Administrative Patent Judge.
DECISION ON APPEAL
STATEMENT OF THE CASE
Pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 134(a), Appellant1 appeals from the
Examiner’s decision to reject claims 1, 2, and 6–9. See Final Act. 1. We
have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b).
We REVERSE.

1 “Appellant” refers to “applicant” as defined in 37 C.F.R. § 1.42. Appellant
identifies the real party in interest as MITSUBISHI ELECTRIC
CORPORATION. Appeal Br. 2.

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
2
CLAIMED SUBJECT MATTER
The claims are directed to silicon carbide epitaxial wafer .
Spec. 1:6–7. The claimed silicon carbide epitaxial wafer
includes a silicon carbide substrate and silicon carbide epitaxial
layers formed on the silicon carbide substrate. Each of the silicon
carbide epitaxial layers has a triangular defect. The silicon
carbide epitaxial layer each have a step inside the triangular
defect in the surface morphology of the triangular defect.
Abstract.
Claim 1, reproduced below, illustrates the claimed subject matter:
1. A silicon carbide epitaxial wafer comprising:
a silicon carbide substrate; and
a silicon carbide epitaxial layer formed on the silicon
carbide substrate,
wherein the silicon carbide epitaxial layer has a
triangular defect and a step inside the triangular defect in a
surface morphology of the triangular defect,
a first surface of the triangular defect upstream of the
step in a step flow direction is lower than a second surface of
the triangular defect downstream of the step in the step flow
direction, the first surface being lower than the second surface
relative to a direction perpendicular to a plane comprising a
surface of the silicon carbide epitaxial layer surrounding the
triangular defect,
the step includes a surface directly connecting the first
surface and the second surface and extending from the first
surface to the second surface in a direction pointing away from
the silicon carbide substrate, and
the surface of the silicon carbide epitaxial layer
downstream of the triangular defect is higher than the first
surface and the second surface relative to the direction
perpendicular to the plane.

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
3
REJECTIONS
The Examiner maintains the following rejections:
Claims 1, 2, and 6–9 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. § 112(a) as failing
to comply with the written description requirement. Final Act. 4.
Claims 1, 2, and 6–9 are rejected under 35 U.S.C. § 112(b) as being
indefinite. Final Act. 10.
OPINION
THE WRITTEN DESCRIPTION REJECTION
Claims 1, 2, and 6–9
The Examiner finds lack of written description support for (1) “a first
surface of the triangular defect upstream of the step in a step flow direction
is lower than a second surface of the triangular defect downstream of the
step in the step flow direction” (hereafter “height difference limitation”)
(Final Act. 4); (2) “the first surface being lower than the second surface
relative to a direction perpendicular to a plane comprising a surface of the
silicon carbide epitaxial layer surrounding the triangular defect” (hereinafter
“surface plane limitation”) (Final Act. 7); (3) “the step includes a surface
directly connecting the first surface and the second surface and extending
from the first surface to the second surface in a direction pointing away from
the silicon carbide substrate” (hereinafter “step direction limitation”) (Final
Act. 8); and (4) “the surface of the silicon carbide epitaxial layer
downstream of the triangular defect is higher than the first surface and the
second surface relative to the direction perpendicular to the plane”
(hereinafter “downstream limitation”). Final Act. 8–9.
In assessing written description, we consider “whether the disclosure
of the application relied upon reasonably conveys to those skilled in the art

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
4
that the inventor had possession of the claimed subject matter as of the filing
date sought.” Ariad Pharm., Inc. v. Eli Lilly and Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351
(Fed. Cir. 2010) (en banc). This “test requires an objective inquiry into the
four corners of the specification from the perspective of a person of ordinary
skill in the art. Based on that inquiry, the specification must describe an
invention understandable to that skilled artisan and show that the inventor
actually invented the invention claimed.” Id. at 1351. Under this standard,
for the reasons discussed below, we are persuaded of error in the Examiner’s
rejection.

(1) “a first surface of the triangular defect upstream of the step in a step
flow direction is lower than a second surface of the triangular defect
downstream of the step in the step flow direction”
The Examiner provides four reasons why this height difference
limitation fails to comply with the written description requirement. First, the
Examiner identifies that the Specification describes the silicon carbide
substrate has an off angle and the claimed relative height difference does not
consider this off angle. Final Act. 5; see also Spec. 5:20 (disclosing that the
substrate “off angle is about 5° or less.”).
Second, the Examiner points out that the Specification describes the
height difference in the second silicon carbide epitaxial layer, not in the
triangular defect. Final Act. 4–5.
Third, the Examiner finds the Specification only describes the height
difference with respect to the step as a “portion” of the second silicon
carbide epitaxial layer. As such, this “portion” may be limited to the
immediate and narrow portion of the silicon carbide layer directly adjacent

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
5
to the step and does not describe the entire portion of the triangular defect
before the step is lower than the entire portion of the triangular defect after
the step. Final Act. 5–6.
Finally, the Examiner maintains that the top view of Figure 3 alone
does not sufficiently show the claimed height difference and, thus, the
Appellant is “attempting to claim [] an opinion, a misrepresentation or
misinterpretation, or an overinterpretation of the single micrograph shown in
Fig. 3 of current application.” Final Act. 6–7; see also Ans. 4 (finding that
Appellant relies on conjecture “rather than from actual measurement results”
and that the “low resolution micrograph” of Figure 3 does not clearly show
the detailed features or overall size of the claimed triangular defect).
Similarly, in the Answer, the Examiner maintains that Figure 3 is
insufficient because “there is no way to unambiguously tell whether the
plane in Fig. 3 of the current application is aligned with any structural
element of the claimed invention.” Ans. 3. See also Ans. 6–8 (citing prior art
top view figures to show that a top view is insufficient to depict a height
difference).
Based on the record before us, we are persuaded of error in the
Examiner’s determination. First, the Examiner here does not sufficiently
explain why an off angle in the silicon carbide substrate shows lack of
written description support for the claimed relative height difference. Appeal
Br. 4. The Specification describes the silicon carbide epitaxial layer, which
includes first and second silicon carbide epitaxial layers, is formed on the
substrate. See, e.g., Spec. Fig. 1; 5:21–23. The Specification then describes
the height difference of the surface of the formed epitaxial layer. See, e.g.,
Spec. 11:18–21 (disclosing a portion of the surface of the epitaxial layer on

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
6
the left side of the step is lower than a portion of the surface of the epitaxial
layer on the right side of the step). The surface plane limitation similarly
refers to the plane of the surface of the epitaxial layer. It is unclear, based on
the record before us, why a substrate off angle results in lack of written
description support for the recited height difference of the first surface and
second surface of the triangular defect in the epitaxial layer.
For example, in the Examiner’s annotated hand drawn schematic side
views of Figure 3, namely Fig. 3` and 3`` (Ans. 14) reproduced below, the
plane of the surface of the epitaxial layer, i.e. the plane corresponding to the
line with point 33, tilts with the depicted off angle.

Examiner’s Hand Draw Schematic Side Views of Figure 3,
With and Without an Off Angle
As such, contrary to the Examiner’s assertion, in Fig. 3`` point 32 is lower
than point 33 relative to a direction perpendicular to the depicted tilted plane
corresponding to the surface of the silicon carbide epitaxial layer. Therefore,
the Examiner has not shown that the Specification’s disclosure of a substrate
off angle results in a lack of written description support for the recited height
difference limitation.
We likewise disagree with the Examiner’s second reason that the
surface height difference is described as outside the triangular defect. See

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
7
e.g., Ans. 5. The claim itself recites the step is “inside the triangular defect.”
Appeal Br. 16. The Specification also, with reference to Figure 3, describes
the surface of the second silicon carbide epitaxial layer 13 on
the left side of the step 31, that is, a portion before the step 31
along the step flow direction, is lower than the surface of the
second silicon carbide epitaxial layer 13 on the right side of the
step 31, that is, a portion after the step 31 along the step flow
direction.
11:18–21. While this disclosure refers to a surface of the second silicon
carbide epitaxial layer or a portion of the layer, Figure 3, reproduced below,
notably depicts cited step 31 only within triangular defect 30. See Reply
Br. 3.

Figure 3 Depicting a Photograph of an Exemplary Triangular Defect
Present in the Silicon Carbide Epitaxial Wafer Observed with an
Optical Surface Defect Evaluation Apparatus

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
8
See also Spec. 4:8–10 (disclosing “a step inside the triangular defect in the
surface morphology of the triangular defect.” (emphasis added)). As such,
contrary to the Examiner’s annotated Figure 3 in the Answer (Ans. 5), a
skilled artisan would understand that the Specification describes a surface
within the triangular defect and sufficiently supports the claimed limitation.
Regarding reason three, the claim does not recite the “entire”
triangular defect on each side of the step, but instead recites “a first surface”
and “a second surface” of the triangular defect. In other words, in view of
the Specification including Figure 3, a portion of the surface of the triangular
defect upstream of the step is lower than a portion of a surface of the
triangular defect downstream to the step. As such, the Examiner’s reasoning
fails to show lack of written description support.
Finally, regarding reason four, the Examiner finds Figure 3 alone does
not sufficiently describe the claimed height difference. See, e.g., Final Act. 6
(finding that Appellant is attempting to claim a misrepresentation of a single
micrograph of Figure 3); Ans. 6–7 (repeating that a top view photograph
cannot show a height difference). As Appellant points out though, the
Examiner’s reasoning is “especially inadequate considering that page 11,
lines 11-13 and 18-21 of the instant specification explicitly describe the
features of claim 1.” Reply Br. 3. See also Reply Br. 5 (“the Examiners’
additional arguments regarding measurement conditions and the ‘size of the
micrograph’ are inadequate to establish that the disclosure fails to
demonstrate possession of the claimed features”).
We agree. While a side view may generally provide additional detail,
the lack of a side view or lack of measurement conditions, without more,
does not establish insufficient written description, particularly here, where

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
9
the Specification explicitly describes the height difference with respect to
Figure 3. See Spec. 11:11–21. As such, based on the record before us, we are
constrained to find that the Examiner does not demonstrate insufficient
written description support for the recited height difference limitation.

(2) “the first surface being lower than the second surface relative to a
direction perpendicular to a plane comprising a surface of the silicon
carbide epitaxial layer surrounding the triangular defect”
The Examiner finds that the Specification does not disclose “what the
‘plane comprising a surface of the epitaxial layer’ would be” or, in other
words, the Specification does not disclose that the triangular defect and the
remaining surface area of the silicon carbide epitaxial layer have the same
surface orientation. Final Act. 7; Reply Br. 3. The Examiner also finds that
the Specification does not describe “how the etching is carried out” or “the
surface orientation of the etched surface of the triangular defect.” Final
Act. 7.
As discussed above, the Specification describes forming the silicon
carbide epitaxial layer on the substrate and describes the recited height
difference with respect to Figure 3. See, e.g., Spec. Fig. 1; 5:21–23; 11:11–
21. This surface plane limitation merely identifies the height difference with
reference to a plane aligned with or corresponding to the surface of this
epitaxial layer. Based on the record before us, the Examiner does not
sufficiently explain how lack of description of the etching process or surface
orientation of the triangular defect demonstrate lack of written description
support for this limitation. See, e.g., Appeal Br. 6–7. Based on the record

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
10
before us, we are constrained to find that the Examiner’s reasoning does not
show lack of written description support for the surface plane limitation.2

(3) “the step includes a surface. . . extending from the first surface to the
second surface in a direction pointing away from the substrate”
The Examiner explains “this limitation appears to suggest that the
silicon carbide substrate has a flat surface without an off angle” and
“appears to suggest ‘in a direction perpendicular to the substrate.’” Final
Act. 8. According to the Examiner, because of the described substrate off
angle, the surface should instead “extend along a direction forming an
oblique angle with respect to the substrate.” Final Act. 8. The Examiner also
notes that the Specification does not include the word “away” in the original
disclosure. Final Act. 8.
We agree with Appellant that the Examiner’s interpretation is
unreasonably narrow. Appeal Br. 7. It is unclear, based on the record before
us, why pointing in a direction “away from the substrate” would require a
direction perpendicular to the substrate. For example, the oblique angle
noted by the Examiner also is a direction pointing away from the substrate.
As Appellant also points out, there is no verbatim requirement to satisfy the
written description requirement. Reply Br. 4. See Purdue Pharma L.P. v.
Faulding Inc., 230 F.3d 1320, 1323 (Fed. Cir. 2000) (“In order to satisfy the
written description requirement, the disclosure as originally filed does not

2 We also note that Appellant’s petition requesting withdrawal of the
Examiner’s objection to the drawings for failing to show this limitation was
granted. The petition found the limitation is illustrated in Figure 3 and
described on pages 4–5 of the Specification. Decision Granting Petition on
April 3, 2024, Control. No. 16/743,462, at 3–4.

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
11
have to provide in haec verba support for the claimed subject matter at
issue.”).
With respect to the substrate off angle, as discussed above, the
Examiner’s reasoning is misplaced. Namely, it is unclear how the substrate
off angle would show lack of possession of the claimed step direction
limitation. Based on the record before us then, we are constrained to find
that the Examiner, without more, fails to sufficiently show lack of written
description support for the step direction limitation.

(4) “the surface of the silicon carbide epitaxial layer downstream of the
triangular defect is higher than the first surface and the second surface
relative to the direction perpendicular to the plane”
The Examiner finds that there is an inconsistency in the claim
language in that the claim recites the surface of the epitaxial layer
surrounding the triangular defect (previous limitation) is downstream of the
triangular defect (this limitation). Final Act. 9. In other words, the surface of
the epitaxial surface downstream of the triangular defect does not surround
the triangular defect. The Examiner also finds there is no antecedent basis
for the surface downstream the triangular defect. Final Act. 9.
The Examiner next finds that Appellant merely claims “their opinion
or impression of the single micrograph shown in Fig. 3 of current application
rather than an actual structure.” Final Act. 9. In the Answer, the Examiner
again explains that the micrograph of Figure 3 is insufficient to show the
disputed claim limitations because Appellant’s Specification does not
disclose the size or measurement conditions of the micrograph nor does the

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
12
Specification describe the type of scientific tool used to create the
micrograph. Ans. 3.
For similar reasons to those discussed above, we are persuaded of
error in the Examiner’s determination. For example, while we agree there is
an inconsistency in reciting a surface of the epitaxial layer surrounding the
triangular defect as the antecedent basis for the surface of the epitaxial layer
downstream of the triangular defect, the Examiner fails to sufficiently
explain why this inconsistency in antecedent basis establishes lack of written
description. As Appellant explains, Figure 3 at least depicts a surface of the
epitaxial layer surrounding the triangular defect that would include a surface
of the epitaxial layer downstream of the triangular defect. See Appeal Br. 8–
9; Spec. Fig. 3; 11:10–21. Similarly, as discussed above, the Examiner’s
speculation regarding structures, based on other prior art references, does not
show lack of written description in the present Specification. See Reply
Br. 3. Based on the record before us then, we are constrained to find that the
Examiner has not established lack of written description support for the
downstream limitation.3
Accordingly, we reverse the rejection of claims 1, 2, and 6–9 under 35
U.S.C. § 112(a) as failing to comply with the written description
requirement.


3 We again note that Appellant’s petition requesting withdrawal of the
Examiner’s objection to the drawings for failing to show this limitation was
granted. The petition found the limitation is illustrated in Figure 3 and
described on pages 4–5 of the Specification. Decision Granting Petition on
April 3, 2024, Control. No. 16/743,462, at 3–4.

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
13
THE INDEFINITENESS REJECTION
Claims 1, 2, and 6–9
“[A] claim is indefinite when it contains words or phrases whose
meaning is unclear,” and “claims are required to be cast in clear--as opposed
to ambiguous, vague, indefinite--terms.” In re Packard, 751 F.3d at 1310,
1313 (Fed. Cir. 2014) (per curiam). In assessing whether a claim is
indefinite, we determine whether those skilled in the art would have
understood what is claimed when the claim is read in light of the
Specification. See Orthokinetics, Inc. v. Safety Travel Chairs, Inc., 806 F.2d
1565, 1576 (Fed. Cir. 1986).
The Examiner determines the height difference limitation, the step
direction limitation, and claim 8 are indefinite because of the lack of
consideration of a substrate off angle. See, e.g., Final Act. 11 (finding “away
from the substrate” implies in a direction perpendicular to the substrate but
this is inconsistent with disclosure of a substrate off angle); Final Act. 15
(finding that the limitations of claim 1 and 8 suggest there is no substrate off
angle); Final Act. 16–17 (determining claim 8 indefinite because of the
disclosed substrate off angle). The Examiner also determines these
limitations are indefinite because of lack of written description. See, e.g.,
Final Act. 15 (supporting the indefiniteness rejection and explaining “1 and
8 also fail to comply with the written description requirement.”); Ans. 12
(“[C]laim 1 fails to comply with the written description requirement, and
therefore, it is not clear whether the cited limitations of claims 1 and 8 would
require zero offcut angle.”).
Notably, the claims here do not recite a substrate off angle and the
Examiner fails to sufficiently explain why a substrate off angle would render
these recited limitations indefinite. As Appellant explains,

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
14
regardless of any off angle, the claimed “first surface” in FIG. 3
would be “lower than the second surface relative to a direction
perpendicular to a plane comprising a surface of the silicon
carbide epitaxial layer surrounding the triangular defect” as
claimed.
Nothing about this recitation is indefinite. Rather, the
Examiner merely inserts potential limitations into the claim
regarding an offcut or off-axis angle and then incorrectly asserts
that it is unclear whether the claim language requires these
additional limitations.
Appeal Br. 13. See also Appeal Br. 14 (with respect to claim 8 pointing out
that the Examiner again “is inserting limitations into the claim regarding an
offcut or off-axis angle to then assert that it is unclear whether modifying a
structure to include such limitations could read on the claim language” and
maintaining that “claim 8 is definite, especially when considered in light of
the present disclosure.”). Similarly, the Examiner does not explain why the
alleged lack of written description of a substrate off angle renders these
claim limitations indefinite. As also discussed above, we are persuaded the
Examiner erred in finding the claimed limitations fails to comply with the
written description requirement. As such, based on the record before us, we
are persuaded of error in the Examiner’s indefiniteness determination as to
these limitations.
With respect to the height difference limitation and the surface plane
limitation, the Examiner finds it is not clear “whether these two limitations
can be interpretated separately” and also “these two limitations are not
necessarily linked to each other.” Final Act. 11. The surface plane limitation
though expressly recites “the first surface” and “the second surface” of the
height difference limitation and, thus, there is a clear link between the
limitations. Appeal Br. 10. As such, based on the record before us, we are

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
15
similarly persuaded of error in the Examiner’s indefiniteness determination
as to these limitations.
Finally, the Examiner determines the recited “triangular defect” is
indefinite because the defect in Figure 3 is not triangular in shape but instead
has a complex shape with a triangle on the left hand side. Final Act. 11–12.
The Examiner reasons “any arbitrary defect such as a pentagonal or
hexagonal defect can also be referred to as “a triangular defect” since a
pentagonal or hexagonal defect has a triangular shape on a portion of the
pentagonal or hexagonal defect.” Final Act. 12. The Examiner finds that
Appellant’s submitted declaration “simply made allegations that one of
ordinary skill in the art would be able to know what the claimed triangular
defect is without explaining what the claimed triangular defect is.” Final
Act. 17. In the Answer, the Examiner further explains “one of ordinary skill
in the art would not know whether the alleged triangular defect has a
triangular shape in a part of the defect as shown in Fig. 3 of current
application, or the entirety of the defect should have an approximately
triangular shape overall.” Ans. 11.
We agree with Appellant that the Examiner “improperly conflates
breath of the claim with indefiniteness.” Appeal Br. 12. As Appellant
explains, “the claims are not required to delimit the exact shape of the
triangular defect.” Appeal Br. 12. Appellant, in particular, submits “one of
ordinary skill in the art would understand that a ‘triangular defect’ is a term
of art meaning a defect having a substantially triangular shape with an apex
upstream in the step flow direction and a base downstream in the step flow
direction.” Appeal Br. 11; see also Declaration under 37 C.F.R. § 1.132 by
Yoichiro Mitani, filed October 13, 2023. While the Examiner generally finds

Appeal 2024-004106
Application 16/743,462
16
this definition insufficient (Final Act. 17), the Examiner does not explain
why this definition is indefinite or why this definition would be
unreasonable. As such, based on the record before us, we are persuaded of
error in the Examiner’s indefiniteness determination.
Accordingly, we reverse the rejection of claims 1, 2, and 6–9 under 35
U.S.C. § 112(a) as indefinite.
CONCLUSION
We reverse the rejection of claims 1, 2, and 6–9 under 35 U.S.C. §
112(a) as failing to comply with the written description requirement and
reverse the rejection of claims 1, 2, and 6–9 under 35 U.S.C. § 112(a) as
indefinite.
DECISION SUMMARY
The following table summarizes our decision:
Claim(s) Rejected 35 U.S.C. § Reference(s)/ Basis Affirmed Reversed
1, 2, 6–9 112 Written Description 1, 2, 6–9
1, 2, 6–9 112 Indefiniteness 1, 2, 6–9
Overall Outcome 1, 2, 6–9
REVERSED
